docs/transfer.md, before:


<a name="0x2_transfer"></a>

# Module `0x2::transfer`



-  [Constants](#@Constants_0)
-  [Function `transfer`](#0x2_transfer_transfer)
-  [Function `public_transfer`](#0x2_transfer_public_transfer)
-  [Function `freeze_object`](#0x2_transfer_freeze_object)
-  [Function `public_freeze_object`](#0x2_transfer_public_freeze_object)
-  [Function `share_object`](#0x2_transfer_share_object)
-  [Function `public_share_object`](#0x2_transfer_public_share_object)
-  [Function `freeze_object_impl`](#0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl)
-  [Function `share_object_impl`](#0x2_transfer_share_object_impl)
-  [Function `transfer_impl`](#0x2_transfer_transfer_impl)


<pre><code></code></pre>



<a name="@Constants_0"></a>

## Constants


<a name="0x2_transfer_ESharedNonNewObject"></a>

Shared an object that was previously created. Shared objects must currently
be constructed in the transaction they are created.


<pre><code><b>const</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_ESharedNonNewObject">ESharedNonNewObject</a>: u64 = 0;
</code></pre>



<a name="0x2_transfer_transfer"></a>

## Function `transfer`

Transfer ownership of <code>obj</code> to <code>recipient</code>. <code>obj</code> must have the <code>key</code> attribute,
which (in turn) ensures that <code>obj</code> has a globally unique ID.
This function has custom rules performed by the Sui Move bytecode verifier that ensures
that <code>T</code> is an object defined in the module where <code><a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer">transfer</a></code> is invoked. Use
<code>public_transfer</code> to transfer an object with <code>store</code> outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer">transfer</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer">transfer</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_transfer_impl">transfer_impl</a>(obj, recipient)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_public_transfer"></a>

## Function `public_transfer`

Transfer ownership of <code>obj</code> to <code>recipient</code>. <code>obj</code> must have the <code>key</code> attribute,
which (in turn) ensures that <code>obj</code> has a globally unique ID.
The object must have <code>store</code> to be transferred outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_transfer">public_transfer</a>&lt;T: store, key&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_transfer">public_transfer</a>&lt;T: key + store&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_transfer_impl">transfer_impl</a>(obj, recipient)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_freeze_object"></a>

## Function `freeze_object`

Freeze <code>obj</code>. After freezing <code>obj</code> becomes immutable and can no longer be transferred or
mutated.
This function has custom rules performed by the Sui Move bytecode verifier that ensures
that <code>T</code> is an object defined in the module where <code>freeze_object</code> is invoked. Use
<code>public_freeze_object</code> to freeze an object with <code>store</code> outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object">freeze_object</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object">freeze_object</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl">freeze_object_impl</a>(obj)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_public_freeze_object"></a>

## Function `public_freeze_object`

Freeze <code>obj</code>. After freezing <code>obj</code> becomes immutable and can no longer be transferred or
mutated.
The object must have <code>store</code> to be frozen outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_freeze_object">public_freeze_object</a>&lt;T: store, key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_freeze_object">public_freeze_object</a>&lt;T: key + store&gt;(obj: T) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl">freeze_object_impl</a>(obj)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_share_object"></a>

## Function `share_object`

Turn the given object into a mutable shared object that everyone can access and mutate.
This is irreversible, i.e. once an object is shared, it will stay shared forever.
Aborts with <code><a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_ESharedNonNewObject">ESharedNonNewObject</a></code> of the object being shared was not created in this
transaction. This restriction may be relaxed in the future.
This function has custom rules performed by the Sui Move bytecode verifier that ensures
that <code>T</code> is an object defined in the module where <code>share_object</code> is invoked. Use
<code>public_share_object</code> to share an object with <code>store</code> outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object">share_object</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object">share_object</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object_impl">share_object_impl</a>(obj)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_public_share_object"></a>

## Function `public_share_object`

Turn the given object into a mutable shared object that everyone can access and mutate.
This is irreversible, i.e. once an object is shared, it will stay shared forever.
Aborts with <code><a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_ESharedNonNewObject">ESharedNonNewObject</a></code> of the object being shared was not created in this
transaction. This restriction may be relaxed in the future.
The object must have <code>store</code> to be shared outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_share_object">public_share_object</a>&lt;T: store, key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_share_object">public_share_object</a>&lt;T: key + store&gt;(obj: T) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object_impl">share_object_impl</a>(obj)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl"></a>

## Function `freeze_object_impl`



<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl">freeze_object_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>native</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl">freeze_object_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T);
</code></pre>



</details>

<details>
<summary>Specification</summary>



<pre><code><b>pragma</b> opaque;
<b>aborts_if</b> [abstract] <b>false</b>;
<b>modifies</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>exists</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes).status == <a href="prover.md#0x2_prover_IMMUTABLE">prover::IMMUTABLE</a>;
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_share_object_impl"></a>

## Function `share_object_impl`



<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object_impl">share_object_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>native</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object_impl">share_object_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T);
</code></pre>



</details>

<details>
<summary>Specification</summary>



<pre><code><b>pragma</b> opaque;
<b>aborts_if</b> [abstract] sui::prover::owned(obj);
<b>modifies</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>exists</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes).status == <a href="prover.md#0x2_prover_SHARED">prover::SHARED</a>;
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_transfer_impl"></a>

## Function `transfer_impl`



<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_transfer_impl">transfer_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>native</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_transfer_impl">transfer_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>);
</code></pre>



</details>

<details>
<summary>Specification</summary>



<pre><code><b>pragma</b> opaque;
<b>aborts_if</b> [abstract] <b>false</b>;
<b>modifies</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>exists</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes).owner == recipient;
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes).status == <a href="prover.md#0x2_prover_OWNED">prover::OWNED</a>;
</code></pre>



</details>

Commit message:

[sui framework] ID and address cleanup (#9611)
## Description 

- Removed sui::object as a friend of sui::tx_context
- Made object generation public
- Renamed sui::object::new
- Clarified transfer::transfer

## Test Plan 

- Updated tests

---
If your changes are not user-facing and not a breaking change, you can
skip the following section. Otherwise, please indicate what changed, and
then add to the Release Notes section as highlighted during the release
process.

### Type of Change (Check all that apply)

- [X] user-visible impact
- [X] breaking change for a client SDKs
- [X] breaking change for FNs (FN binary must upgrade)
- [X] breaking change for validators or node operators (must upgrade
binaries)
- [ ] breaking change for on-chain data layout
- [ ] necessitate either a data wipe or data migration

### Release notes

docs/transfer.md, after:


<a name="0x2_transfer"></a>

# Module `0x2::transfer`



-  [Constants](#@Constants_0)
-  [Function `transfer`](#0x2_transfer_transfer)
-  [Function `public_transfer`](#0x2_transfer_public_transfer)
-  [Function `freeze_object`](#0x2_transfer_freeze_object)
-  [Function `public_freeze_object`](#0x2_transfer_public_freeze_object)
-  [Function `share_object`](#0x2_transfer_share_object)
-  [Function `public_share_object`](#0x2_transfer_public_share_object)
-  [Function `freeze_object_impl`](#0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl)
-  [Function `share_object_impl`](#0x2_transfer_share_object_impl)
-  [Function `transfer_impl`](#0x2_transfer_transfer_impl)


<pre><code></code></pre>



<a name="@Constants_0"></a>

## Constants


<a name="0x2_transfer_ESharedNonNewObject"></a>

Shared an object that was previously created. Shared objects must currently
be constructed in the transaction they are created.


<pre><code><b>const</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_ESharedNonNewObject">ESharedNonNewObject</a>: u64 = 0;
</code></pre>



<a name="0x2_transfer_transfer"></a>

## Function `transfer`

Transfer ownership of <code>obj</code> to <code>recipient</code>. <code>obj</code> must have the <code>key</code> attribute,
which (in turn) ensures that <code>obj</code> has a globally unique ID. Note that if the recipient
address represents an object ID, the <code>obj</code> sent will be inaccessible after the transfer
(though they will be retrievable at a future date once new features are added).
This function has custom rules performed by the Sui Move bytecode verifier that ensures
that <code>T</code> is an object defined in the module where <code><a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer">transfer</a></code> is invoked. Use
<code>public_transfer</code> to transfer an object with <code>store</code> outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer">transfer</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer">transfer</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_transfer_impl">transfer_impl</a>(obj, recipient)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_public_transfer"></a>

## Function `public_transfer`

Transfer ownership of <code>obj</code> to <code>recipient</code>. <code>obj</code> must have the <code>key</code> attribute,
which (in turn) ensures that <code>obj</code> has a globally unique ID. Note that if the recipient
address represents an object ID, the <code>obj</code> sent will be inaccessible after the transfer
(though they will be retrievable at a future date once new features are added).
The object must have <code>store</code> to be transferred outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_transfer">public_transfer</a>&lt;T: store, key&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_transfer">public_transfer</a>&lt;T: key + store&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_transfer_impl">transfer_impl</a>(obj, recipient)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_freeze_object"></a>

## Function `freeze_object`

Freeze <code>obj</code>. After freezing <code>obj</code> becomes immutable and can no longer be transferred or
mutated.
This function has custom rules performed by the Sui Move bytecode verifier that ensures
that <code>T</code> is an object defined in the module where <code>freeze_object</code> is invoked. Use
<code>public_freeze_object</code> to freeze an object with <code>store</code> outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object">freeze_object</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object">freeze_object</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl">freeze_object_impl</a>(obj)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_public_freeze_object"></a>

## Function `public_freeze_object`

Freeze <code>obj</code>. After freezing <code>obj</code> becomes immutable and can no longer be transferred or
mutated.
The object must have <code>store</code> to be frozen outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_freeze_object">public_freeze_object</a>&lt;T: store, key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_freeze_object">public_freeze_object</a>&lt;T: key + store&gt;(obj: T) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl">freeze_object_impl</a>(obj)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_share_object"></a>

## Function `share_object`

Turn the given object into a mutable shared object that everyone can access and mutate.
This is irreversible, i.e. once an object is shared, it will stay shared forever.
Aborts with <code><a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_ESharedNonNewObject">ESharedNonNewObject</a></code> of the object being shared was not created in this
transaction. This restriction may be relaxed in the future.
This function has custom rules performed by the Sui Move bytecode verifier that ensures
that <code>T</code> is an object defined in the module where <code>share_object</code> is invoked. Use
<code>public_share_object</code> to share an object with <code>store</code> outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object">share_object</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object">share_object</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object_impl">share_object_impl</a>(obj)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_public_share_object"></a>

## Function `public_share_object`

Turn the given object into a mutable shared object that everyone can access and mutate.
This is irreversible, i.e. once an object is shared, it will stay shared forever.
Aborts with <code><a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_ESharedNonNewObject">ESharedNonNewObject</a></code> of the object being shared was not created in this
transaction. This restriction may be relaxed in the future.
The object must have <code>store</code> to be shared outside of its module.


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_share_object">public_share_object</a>&lt;T: store, key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_public_share_object">public_share_object</a>&lt;T: key + store&gt;(obj: T) {
    <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object_impl">share_object_impl</a>(obj)
}
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl"></a>

## Function `freeze_object_impl`



<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl">freeze_object_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>native</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_freeze_object_impl">freeze_object_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T);
</code></pre>



</details>

<details>
<summary>Specification</summary>



<pre><code><b>pragma</b> opaque;
<b>aborts_if</b> [abstract] <b>false</b>;
<b>modifies</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>exists</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes).status == <a href="prover.md#0x2_prover_IMMUTABLE">prover::IMMUTABLE</a>;
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_share_object_impl"></a>

## Function `share_object_impl`



<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object_impl">share_object_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>native</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_share_object_impl">share_object_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T);
</code></pre>



</details>

<details>
<summary>Specification</summary>



<pre><code><b>pragma</b> opaque;
<b>aborts_if</b> [abstract] sui::prover::owned(obj);
<b>modifies</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>exists</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes).status == <a href="prover.md#0x2_prover_SHARED">prover::SHARED</a>;
</code></pre>



</details>

<a name="0x2_transfer_transfer_impl"></a>

## Function `transfer_impl`



<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_transfer_impl">transfer_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>)
</code></pre>



<details>
<summary>Implementation</summary>


<pre><code><b>public</b>(<b>friend</b>) <b>native</b> <b>fun</b> <a href="transfer.md#0x2_transfer_transfer_impl">transfer_impl</a>&lt;T: key&gt;(obj: T, recipient: <b>address</b>);
</code></pre>



</details>

<details>
<summary>Specification</summary>



<pre><code><b>pragma</b> opaque;
<b>aborts_if</b> [abstract] <b>false</b>;
<b>modifies</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>exists</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes);
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes).owner == recipient;
<b>ensures</b> [abstract] <b>global</b>&lt;<a href="object.md#0x2_object_Ownership">object::Ownership</a>&gt;(<a href="object.md#0x2_object_id">object::id</a>(obj).bytes).status == <a href="prover.md#0x2_prover_OWNED">prover::OWNED</a>;
</code></pre>



</details>
